[Cache] Added info about cacheable file limits. (#4599)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cache/about/default-cache-behavior.md

If you require a larger upload, group requests smaller than the upload thresholds or upload the full resource through an [unproxied (grey-clouded) DNS record](/dns/manage-dns-records/reference/proxied-dns-records/).

Cloudflare cacheable file limits:

> - Free, Pro and Business customers have a limit of 512MB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Free, Pro and Business customers have a limit of 512 MB.
```

> - For Enterprise customers the default maximum cacheable file size is 5GB. Contact your account team to request a limit increase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For Enterprise customers the default maximum cacheable file size is 5 GB. Contact your account team to request a limit increase.
```
